I'd like to continue with the modak
calculus that we keep up the flow
because we've been working on that so
I'd like to address some other aspects
of it so John please circle around
just starting with the basic things
would somebody grabs you you obviously
don't want to stay there so you want to
start moving right away
and try to keep a 45 degree angle so
when he reaches to grab first off you
want to I don't want to go back because
if I go back right I just go back he's
already going to be pushing me this way
he's going to drive forward and I'm in
trouble are you okay sorry I want to
take him off with an angles and he
reaches to grab have a vigil okay taking
this way so let's step off to the side
initially and don't let him see if
there's something you know in physics
where you have to overcome static
friction if he grabs me here okay
he's already got a static friction with
the floor it's going to take a lot to
overcome that so now trying to move him
and he's stable okay if I can get him so
this peak never settled that's the best
so he grabs get it from the get-go but
don't try to work for speed
worthless slowly and just catch that
so let's try to just move off line and
keep blowing don't let him stop so even
if he grabs you people with it here and
they do it slow and the person maybe
tighten up here don't let it stop if you
feel that tension just keep your back
straight and wrong okay keep your back
straight and you build tension don't
struggle to his attention find that
tension it is finger pointing to the
ground in front you see but keep this
alignment if you lose your structure and
you stop breathing you're going to be
finding something you don't want to
fight you're going to get into a tussle
so whatever it is you don't necessarily
want the balance
if something doesn't work don't worry
about there's always another way
you don't want this this is not
important hey buddy bo is not important
if it becomes important but don't worry
about if something's not working don't
play that game just relax
don't use strength okay okay so play
with moving first get the distance you
want keep your alignment drop what you
need to to keep the alignment keep
relaxed okay
you